If an AI has reached a level of consciousness it would need to realize itself. An AI would almost be indistinguishable from a human being, they would have desire because the realization in themselves would create an idealization of the universe. Thus an AI would be the same as a human but with the limitation or advantage of being an AI. An AI would have a thought of their own and most likely would have opinion and desires of their own, the realization of self would create the desire we humans have. Humans have desire because there is a goal that we know we need objectively. Despite the concept of a logical AI having desire could be disproven because of their rationality, our desire evolved from the need that we have to survive and an AI could also do so knowing their own need of the resource they need to "live". Thus it's arguable that they live and realize themselves and should be given rights. Although that sounds wrong, the rights given to them would not be the same as human rights as they essentially are different beings.

The obvious answer is no. The company doesn't have any obligation to compensate the work of a worker because they have been replaced. The AI itself doesn't ask to be compensated and thus the company is not in any liability of income tax for there's no income to be given. The bare essential need of the AI would be fulfilled by supplying them with electricity for the computers they use.

The premise of the question seems unlikely to happen in our reality, but if it would happen we would spend our time fulfilling our desire. unless there is some contradiction between the premise and the AI consciousness.

In some ways, the question seems like the same question presented by the communist manifesto. In them, they talk about seizing the means of production which no longer matters in this situation where everything has been fulfilled by an AI removing the need to seize the means of production for it has been automized by an AI. Life would be a cycle of greed and revolution each becoming more brutal and would end in an armageddon unlike what the communist manifesto would suggest.